README.md, before:

# python-projects
Learn python by solving real world problems.

This Project is targeted to python students who want to learn python directly
by involving in real-world problems. It contains all the project requirements,
guideline to do the project and a sample solution of the specific problem.

You are strongly encouraged to solve problems on your own way. The solution here
is just a way to solve problems. If you want to solve problems or correct them,
you're always welcome to create a PR. I'll be accepting your PRs and you'll be
able to support and contribute to open-learning.


The project is classified into 3 different categories Basic, Intermediate, and
expert projects. To start basic projects, you need to have knowledge of at least
chapter 6 in [python-notes](https://github.com/ghimiresdp/python-notes). The
[python-notes](https://github.com/ghimiresdp/python-notes) repository provides
notes to python enthusiasts who wants to learn python from the single workspace.


**Table of Contents**

1. [Basic Projects](basic/)
2. [Intermediate Projects](expert/)
3. [Expert Projects](pro/)

Commit message:

note: updated guidelines for contribution

README.md, after:

# python-projects
Learn python by solving real world problems.

> **Note**: If you are a contributor or want to contribute to this project, you
>  can check the [contribution](CONTRIBUTION.md) section to get started.


This Project is targeted to python students who want to learn python directly
by involving in real-world problems. It contains all the project requirements,
guideline to do the project and a sample solution of the specific problem.

You are strongly encouraged to solve problems on your own way. The solution here
is just a way to solve problems. If you want to solve problems or correct them,
you're always welcome to create a PR. I'll be accepting your PRs and you'll be
able to support and contribute to open-learning.


The project is classified into 3 different categories Basic, Intermediate, and
expert projects. To start basic projects, you need to have knowledge of at least
chapter 6 in [python-notes](https://github.com/ghimiresdp/python-notes). The
[python-notes](https://github.com/ghimiresdp/python-notes) repository provides
notes to python enthusiasts who wants to learn python from the single workspace.


**Table of Contents**

1. [Basic Projects](basic/)
2. [Intermediate Projects](expert/)
3. [Expert Projects](pro/)
